ReadMe.md, before:

# About Me

### Hi there! I'm Neeraj Kumar 👋
**B.Tech in Computer Science Engineering** | 💡 Passionate about **DevOps** & **Machine Learning**  
I enjoy solving complex problems, optimizing code, and building scalable, intelligent systems. Currently exploring **Cloud Technologies** and **AI-driven applications**.  

---

##  Connect with Me
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/neerajkumar1044" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:neerajkumar.cs1044@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email"/>
  </a>
</p>

---

##  Tech Stack

###  Programming Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

###  Frameworks & Libraries
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101)

###  DevOps & Cloud
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)

###  Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)
![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white)

---

##  GitHub Stats
<div align="center">
  
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=NeerajKumar-1044&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&count_private=true" alt="GitHub Stats"/>

  <br/>

  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=NeerajKumar-1044&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false" alt="GitHub Streak"/>

  <br/>

  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=NeerajKumar-1044&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&layout=compact" alt="Top Languages"/>

</div>


---

##  Contributions & Activity
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=NeerajKumar-1044&theme=react-dark&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Activity Graph"/>
</p>

---

##  Profile Views
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/NeerajKumar-1044/count.svg" alt="Visitor's Count" />
</p>

---

## 🤝 Let's Connect & Collaborate
If you're interested in discussing **DevOps, Machine Learning, or Full-Stack Development**, feel free to reach out! I'm always open to collaborating on exciting projects.  

---

<!-- Inspired by GPRM (https://gprm.itsvg.in) -->

Commit message:

revise personal introduction in README for clarity and emphasis on skills

ReadMe.md, after:

# About Me

### Hi there! I'm Neeraj 

**B.Tech in Computer Science Engineering** | Passionate about **Backend Development, DevOps & Machine Learning**  
I enjoy **solving complex problems**, optimizing code for efficiency, and **building scalable systems** that make an impact. Currently diving deep into **Cloud Technologies** and **AI-driven applications** to push my skills further.

Always up for a challenge and excited to learn something new every day! 

---

##  Connect with Me
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/neerajkumar1044" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:neerajkumar.cs1044@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email"/>
  </a>
</p>

---

##  Tech Stack

###  Programming Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)

###  Frameworks & Libraries
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB)
![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101)

###  DevOps & Cloud
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nginx-%23009639.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)

###  Databases
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white)
![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white)

---

##  GitHub Stats
<div align="center">
  
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=NeerajKumar-1044&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&count_private=true" alt="GitHub Stats"/>

  <br/>

  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=NeerajKumar-1044&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false" alt="GitHub Streak"/>

  <br/>

  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=NeerajKumar-1044&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&layout=compact" alt="Top Languages"/>

</div>


---

##  Contributions & Activity
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=NeerajKumar-1044&theme=react-dark&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Activity Graph"/>
</p>

---

##  Profile Views
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://profile-counter.glitch.me/NeerajKumar-1044/count.svg" alt="Visitor's Count" />
</p>

---

## 🤝 Let's Connect & Collaborate
If you're interested in discussing **DevOps, Machine Learning, or Full-Stack Development**, feel free to reach out! I'm always open to collaborating on exciting projects.  

---

<!-- Inspired by GPRM (https://gprm.itsvg.in) -->
